Competitive Sudoku Rules

---Who is Black---
Each player draws a card.
In the case of same draw, draw another card and compute the sum.
The player with the higher card or sum of cards is the Black player and drafts first.

---Draft Modes---
1. Draft
Draft pool consists of 10 random cards, 5 of each color (ie. r1 b2 r2 b3 r5 b6 r7 b9 r9 b9).
Each player chooses 5 cards out of the draft pool, one at a time, in turns.

2. Twins
Each player is assigned the same set of 5 random cards (ie. both players are assigned 14558).

2. Twins Draft
Draft pool consists of 5 pairs of random cards (ie. r1 b1 r5 b5 r2 b2 r6 b6 r6 b6).
Each player chooses 5 cards out of the draft pool, one at a time, in turns.

---Post Draft---
Each player puts each of their 5 cards into one of the 9 positions on their Grid.

---Drawing for the table---
The remaining cards in each color are shuffled and placed as Decks in front of each player.
Each player draws 2 cards from their Deck and places them in the center of the table. 
The general Pool is comprised of 2 colored Pools of 2 Stacks each.

---Gameplay---
The game is played in turns.
If playing in a Draft Mode:
	The Red player gets the first turn.
If playing in a non-Draft Mode:
	Compute the sum of the Pool cards of each color. 
	The player whose color is the highest sum gets the first turn. 
On their turn, a player may:
	Draw a card from the Pool (either color) from the top of a Stack
	OR
	Draw a card from their Deck
If the player has empty positions on their Grid:
	The drawn card must be placed in an empty position.
If the player has no empty positions on their Grid:
	The player may:
		Swap the drawn card into a position on their Grid.
		OR
		Place the drawn card directly into the Pool of its color.
If a card is returned to the Pool of its color:
	If the Pool of its color is comprised of 1 Stack:
		The card is placed in the Pool on the table.
	If the Pool of its color is comprised of 2 Stacks:
		The card is placed on top of another card, to a maximum Stack height of 2.
		This may cause the Pool to become Flooded.
At the end of the player's turn, if either colored Pool has only 1 stack:
	Draw a card from the Deck of that color and place it in the Pool.
If the player's action causes their Grid to be a winning hand:
	The player must call the hand and end the game. 

---Flooded Pool---
A pool with 4 cards of a single color (2 Stacks of 2 cards) is considered Flooded.
A player who starts their turn with a Flooded Pool must use that turn to draw a new Pool.
The cards in the Flooded Pool are moved to the player's Discard Pile and can no longer be accessed.
The player then draws 2 cards that become the new Pool of that color.
The player cannot take another action on this turn.

---Exhausted Deck---
A player who starts their turn with an empty Deck cannot take any action.
The opponent may continue to take turns until they complete a winning hand or exhaust their own Deck.
If both Decks have been exhausted:
	Each player chooses either to Concede or Continue.
	If both players choose to Concede:
		The game is considered a draw and both players are awarded 0 points.
	If one player Concedes and the other Continues:
		If the conceding player has the more valuable hand:
			The conceding player is awarded 6 points.
			The continuing player is awarded 0 points.
		If the continuing player has the more valuable hand:
			Both players are awarded the value of their hands.
	If both players choose to Continue:
		The players trade Decks, shuffle, and draw for the table again.

---Winning Hands---
A winning hand is a Grid configuration where every row and every column meets one of the following qualifications:
	Triplets (ie 333, 777, 999)
	One-straights (ie 123, 645, 987)
	Two-straights (ie 357, 684, 642 )
	Three-straights (ie 147, 825, 963)
	Power series (any order of 248)
A winning hand must not use every digit, in other words, 123456789 is not a winning hand.

---Scoring---
The first player to complete a hand is awarded 3 points.
Each triplet is awarded 3 points
Each straight in mixed color is awarded 1 point
Each straight in single color is awarded 2 points
(Optional) A sequence of 248 is awarded 3 points
Diagonals that meet qualification are also awarded points equal to their value as a row or column.

---(Optional) Special Scoring---
A hand of 3 triplets is awarded 3 extra points
